will record recorded then will speak crazy I
I did not come to learn much where
nothing to see anything that would make the middle of
all connected off bruno time to people
will see who will cry
We are now connected to Sao Tome 23
April but only of doga understands that this
a fast event layer will occur
too much let's take a break of three
seconds only for you and to adapt your
head back 1 2 billion
the target would be the missle roll by Tony
spoke caio junior gave him the electron
to say that the music the idea is to stay
so many sick songs are not all
now the father of the fish truck is color is
clear
and you will not obstruct
the pack for neither spirit of respect
in particular with regard to funk mc
Others, how have you done?
Do you know what this is
a person like the canopy echo far from
léo you want to release it to fuck
the malls imitate my god happened
It was the one from now and my God who wants
practicing giving shields and just
break with this function that I consider
my duty at the last point of view and
1618 16 18 and 15 kilometers my arm
broke my old arm or dog
go in this mess here
but now he took Carlos and Edu always
pay
who will score
I think it's useful I do not know until
today he does when I go back I'll find out
op football he closed in the last hour is
that his psychologist is not me
I just messed with his friend's psychologist.
shot 2014 here for me to close here
You can not look at the grass and I have
this setback saw the show number 59
My God, he did here in the year.
The ball is going to have beer, what the fuck?
now I'm just missing I can not
to be in danger is in danger is
wrapped by a man who is a
cave which means a way of
term is not worth another kilo of
tomato of a pound of onion garlic and oil
on the third a force of water practically
the whole population is being made
I will not do compilation here of my
name is blake that will open what to do with
to allies misfortune good
IT employment but little
little time off the move
playing in 2025 I'm going to owe you
this blessing to you who see him
wrong again is not playing and continues
So the guys here can not win.
Come back tomorrow, Carlos, come back changed back.
and it 's the wind took your son a whore
The way I never got out so much.
scoundrel do not recommend traveled the beginning
This is going to go a team that least goes
munch with fear not since I
said that they will fold a towel
but harbor software continues shopkeepers
is trying to win and the
lose decided there
I attacked the forest that has flash is better
still did not give us caetano son of a bitch
that mouth is going to take on the politician was
five times in the mouth championship clash
From Rio
This word of mouth and I write this damn thing.
alone carry your loaded i
I took everything were